---
layout: post
title:  "Blog Post 1"
date:   2024-04-26T09:30:00-10:00
author: John Waggoner
categories: Blogs
---

<h3>9:30am</h3>

Slow day at work. Listening to the new Taylor Swift album and I just got done putting together this whole website. 

I think it is mostly good. There still might be some "template" stuff around and some of the links might be broken still. But the basic functionality is there are it seems to work pretty good. I like the layout but I wish it had or was a dark theme. I might look into that later or update the css to make it dark. I also need to edit my logo so it is a circle, I was just too lazy to remote into the other computer to edit it in photoshop. I tried to do it in paint but that wasn't happening. Also, I just removed the "Typography link frim the header. I tried to move that into a references notes post but the formatting is weird and it won't post, but the notes are in the source files. 

The blog posts are not showing on the home page, It'll have to look into this later, but all the links and everything else works. I am done with this for now. Hungry and am going to play Topspin 2k25.

More to come, maybe.


<h3>1:00pm</h3>

Spent some time trying to fix the catagory tags for some reason, I just randomly noticed that they dont work. I renamed them in the config.yml file but they still dont work correctly, not sure that is a big deal though. The main issue right now is that none of the posts display on the home page for some reason. I am not sure why but something probably got messed up I was removing the RSS links from the footer and posts code. I am debating on just starting over from scratch but it just seems like a lot of work to redo my info throughout the pages and footer. I am tired after lunch and dont feel like doing that right now too. Might just chill and come back to this tomorrow or next week.
